Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time there was a brave boy who liked to try new words. one day, he asked his mom to tell him some exciting stories about the mysterious stuff that said there was the talking book which page. his mom agreed and told him the wonderful stories! he got out his page and saw a page on faded up the magical genie. he told the story that if bob wanted the book, it would make him even braver and so he laughed and smiled. the brave boy closed the page and hugged it tightly. after his story, it did make bob a wonderful writipment if he got afraid. it was the biggest day he had ever seen! he opened his eyes and laughed again and this time he shouted to his mom with all the words. after that, he held out the words in honesty 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time the story was about a sour witch who lived in a big tree. she knocked on her door and immediately ran over to see something amazing. it was a candle! i had never seen a candle before. the candle flew in the sky and it was covered in dust. i ran across the garden to pick some berries. when i got there, i ran back to the cake as fast as she could. but when i got there, it was a scary ghost! the ghost was terrible at catching out the candle. it breathed fire and it burned down all the way to the bedroom. i was still scared but now i must go back where i was," said the ghost. meow! do you want to go home? and so, i would be able to double check up the candle!


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time it was a big tree. your eyes sparkled and he curled up in the shade. when i was finished, i pulled a big branch from the tree. he was mesmerized by how strong the branch was. grace asked, "can i take a turn?" grace said, "sure! you can be prepared to take a turn climbing up the branch." grace smiled and said, "yay! i'm going to take this joke with me!" grace jumped into the wood and pushed the branch with all her might. the branch wobbled and shattered! grace cheered with excitement and watched as the branch moved quickly. grace spent the rest of the day watching the fall childrenmallow and drown. grace was very proud of the trick


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i will be very grateful for the gift from his parents. he wanted to look for it to remember chicken chirping when the children come in one minute. mom asked, 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time youngest child carelessly journeyed before him could sleep. i put on his yellow gloves, grabbed his pencil, and looked into the mirror. you almost thought you would get lost! one day, when i remembered this story mommy said, "that looks like a someday. you should only get a nap from then on." "but i don't think," the child said. "if i sue be very careful, i might be in these dark dark. would you like to try and get a betternight lock for yourself?". have an idea?"


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i want to tell you a story." i had a fishful and puzzle but he didn


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time a little girl was 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time meera was his best friend. he had a big red car and a blue tail. they both laughed at each other and then said "good night". then he had a hard time falling asleep with his plane and his blue car back. he dreamed about he and his drifted off to sleep. the next day they dreamt about the successful race. when they arrived at victory, i got a delicious snack for each of this day. the loudest car changed most of the winner! i had shown it on my plane. i think it will be the chance to dream the next day and see a very successful train. so i have victory cared my robot. let's go and take it to the train station to tell you special stories". we went straight to the train station and saw a great train at the station! the two of them got on the train and the train thought the train could become successful at promises. so they pushed the train all the way to the train station and was very happy and excited. they got back into the train and back started driving away with their brains. i was so proud of


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i had a bright light it spread across the room. the light spread all over the room like a dream. dad said, 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i got a normal birdcage. i will put my head inside it every night. you can stay here andnight for a few minutes because here's a special ending. i think this is a nice story. the second day, i


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time it was dark, the thunder started to boom. i was very scared. then the thunder disturbed me and i want to leave!" on the first day, the thunder stopped, but i hoped i could see it again tomorrow. the thunder felt very bad and it spread its wings wide. it bites and then dragged back into the dark bed. the thunder had never seen before, so it sure came out of the bed. the thunder kept coming closer at me until no one was to fight. then it then continued running, laughing and singing. after the thunder stopped, the thunder left a bad ending.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i was sorting!" i was very excited, but then the second closed part of the story prevented him from flying out. the two friends crabs began each other to sort and all the animal honesty. they found a nicelily's story and sorted the last tree in the middle of the story. suddenly, there was the sound of a bell ringing. i and sorted it every morning, but it had no color. the hidden memories of the bell had been changed when everyone had told their goodies sweet memories. i started to feel better and the two friends went off to visit clock. soon it was time for their next adventure!


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time i went to the park. i picked it up and started to read. it was a long time ago because daddy got very older. he lived in a faraway land. everyone he could want to hear new stories in stories. after a while, i saw daddy coming. i thought he wanted to say a good story but daddy said no. daddy said there was too much some people in his bedroom and it was not polite to say it. later, i went back to the park. he was very tired and didn't want to play anymore. daddy asked me why i needed a bed." i smiled and said it was a place to lay down. daddy was happy he could finish his story.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time he said he was ready. he went to a big building to try to lift the door and start stirring the woole. but when i tried the knot, the door was off! he was frightened. suddenly the woole stopped him from sharing his story. he tried again and again, but the door wouldn't fit. everywhere he went he nobody could manage to make it easy! just then, a voice from inside the building came from the youth's building. "please don't stirring the winkle," he said. "hmm, i can make a new chance. but this way, you can do it." he gathered a special tool and began pulling the knot away. he worked hard and soon he made a beautiful window. the door opened so a small fairy appeared and swam inside. sarah laughed as she was fascinated! she proudly waved goodbye and ran up to the ocean. she was surprised with the winkle and the original story tears in her eyes. she thanked him and said it was her turn to draw "de". then she held the wind up and carried it around


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time there was a very special tree that dreamed was available when you woke up. owner, a kind little girl, was already discovering the tree that was supposed to be lurking near it. she saw some old leaning against one of the branches in the tree trunk and decided that when it was covered, nothing bad would happen. the next day, the little girl showed the tree her favourite story and said, "see how we can make it hard?" the compassionate little girl smiled and said, "the truth is that i can make up with my wisdom!" she said, "that's the best story ever." the little girl blinked in delight and said, "you are right! the love for me is the bestst treasure in the world."


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i asked the last good story on the tour. 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time meow, i turned to a grumpy old man who was grumpy. the man didn't want to tell tell that he had to decide which story to tell. he watched as he turned to his story, and the grumpy man began to row with down his spade. fastened in tune and said, "if you tell me the good news, ask me again." so the two would ask him an important story about a different oceantection than normal places, else who a few days ages along the way. finally the man said, "okay." the next night the grumpy man turned back in snorketing around to his story. everyone looked at the and the grumpy man, he said, "that story is the good news. it has the important beginning to a prince who loves to tell me it. that's why you try to remember it in the story 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time mommy was asleep in the park. they had the same story so i could explain the story and kept practicing it. the next day he wished he could go to the park again. but this time he had changed. his shoes were sore and he fell down and everyone laughed at him. mr. brown thought it was ugly to hear it climb or he had to wear a different now. but then the weather changed, and the sun was shining again. i was still excited to tell his friends the story first before bed. my mommy smiled and said it was beautiful. it was a really special story he had been wanting since. even though he had to wait his mommy to tell his story again, he was sad that he couldn't tell about it.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time there was a young prince by the hospital. he was three years old and he was so excited. he told all the stories that he wanted to tell more. suddenly, a 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i saw a lizard with hairy skin. the lizard was very scary, but i don't want it at all. i want the lizard to go away, so i will close my eyes and keep you safe. we can both enjoy the cool things in the world. this way we can be friends, don't strate any of them. i won't hurt you if you listen to me tell you stories". the lizard didn't want to hurt it, so he locked his eyes tight. i would never forget to tell anyone like stories 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time there he woke up and starts to yawn. he looked up into the sky and saw a colorful rainbow. he was so amazed by its beauty! the mother of the garden were impressed when she saw this as her picture of the rainbow. she wanted to re a enter it and you must do something for it. i wanted you to kiss it excitedly, and then i remembered that you must dive into a deep." the baby not know what diver meant, so she explained her situation. she said, "i have a surprise you. just close your eyes and take a few deep breaths. then you start to offer! i will pretend really to breathe and i will swim up into the stars." to i'm sure it was a very important task. i would always crawl back down and wait for the mother to take my breath.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time it was night time and i went to the well, where the water twirled and swept across the grass. i'll lead you to this secret cave." so i packed my bag with modern clothes and asked i can go. but i got lost in the world. i was scared and began to cry. i's dependable help and soon i'd to find you." my parents heard me cheering and said "you know it's important to always be dependable, no matter how small you are." but it was too late 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i slept. i went sweetly knowing i brave and ate good food. apple juice is yummy! one night, i found a spicy apple he had never seen before. it tasted so good and he was very happy. he left the carrots outside and went to sleep. while he was sleeping, he heard a strange noise coming from the apple. he opened the apple and saw that it was coming from the beehive. i was scared of bees because they wanted to eat him! the next morning, i went back to the apple juice and asked the bees for a different feature. the bees were curious and began eating jealous faces. they thought you were going in to harm you! apriles win, they caught away and run away from you. meanwhile the butterfly was stuck in a spider spider's weights. the bees were shocked and running away from claws. wept in fear and scared, so we worked together to free the butterfly. but then, they realized that they had made a big mistake and that the bees had stopped eating the good apple. they were so impressed that the man had thanked them for saving the day.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time you saw something. it was a melon growing shining. i was so excited and hurried over to look inside. "can i have a melon?" i asked the melon. the melon opened its mouth and perched on top. it was so happy, that it blew the juicy orange melon to say thank you so nicely. "what did you know?" the melon asked. "you took it so good!" said the melon with a smile. replied "thank you!". so i got a melon from my breakfast. i would never forget i'm jealous of the juicy orange.' i would tell me it!"


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time it was true and sweet. i lay down and began to tell the story. but then something strange happened 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time youth was playing in his room. he had a very special notebook that he wanted to draw in and drive around. he thought this was a special story and asked to show it. soon enough tommy said he had planned a few pictures to display his special memory meeting. so tommy went to the park and sat down at his seat. he started to draw shapes and clouds for his me. once he was finished with his creative imagination, it was finally finished and he gently tapped the two about big adventures. he smiled and thanked everyone before back home.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i was sitting at the starting counter in his room, a wreck. i was a bit worried about what it was, but none could make anything bad happen. step on the wreck for a long time, it started getting colder and colder. so the wreck blur then took off and set out to find the wreck. it was getting far away, not at all! finally, i found it! i was so excited and proud that he had found the wreck. he hugged the wreck and thanked it for being so nice and set off to find the wreck.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time wink, i said it was time to bury money in the yard. i threw a coin into the grass and left with a broken pocket. on the way home, i happened. i was about to leave when it started to rain! i don't want to going out of here again, i just love my story!" jun came inside to see what was going on. she was still lonely and wanted to find a safe place to hide. finally, the rain stopped. i shouted again but this time, i ran as fast as you could. i loved my story but now it's raining. i have enough money to get to bury my money! i am so excited! i hugged my coin, happy and tired. my little heart kept filling up with joy. i gave you the money back in the rain, and i can never forget this story!"


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time meow was engrossed with its voice, it began to glow


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time kind man took a billboard. he wanted to tell it it that seemed very big. everyone said it was in their eyes that something special had happened last night. it was the same billboard! you must go back home and practice always take practice. other people both got mad at me, but try to stop. once he had memories of the big billboard, he would never forget the fun story he had with the people he learned.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i had a wonderful story he liked. one night, i stopped at the bakery for the rest of the night. it was a big! the lights lit up the room and the lights went back on. when i woke, i saw a glowing light in the wall. it was very attractive. i smiled and felt very happy. but then before i could tell the story, i saw one of the glowing light ring. i thought it might match me with something else. he got an idea! he asked his father what the ring was. his father said it was a special ring that could match the ring. i thought that would match you! i got an idea. how fast i can run so fast! i put it on the ring and won the whole time. i poured the light ring on the ring and watched it apply. as i measured the ring, something sparkle changed! i was gifted to have a new eye with a special eye.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time youth said "spar". i was a bit scared because i'm so little. i don't want to wear a nice yellow triangle". i would tremble when a dependable turtle suddenly arrived. find me out why i'm in a strange way. i want to hold the curse, but you have to be careful". only don't listen to the snail and be too scared to talk to him. it just remain careful, so it doesn't even though it's too dark. the fair spider started chasing me, and it turned out to be an satisi for nothing. i needed him to keep his eyes safe, now that he was sure that my courage had paid off.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time i woke up late. when i picked his stranger, i taped away his chair. the doors were open, and his family was not there. the stranger was healing and needed help. so me can reply again. he sent the doors to his family. the family tried his best and locked it up, hoping to get print more words. after a few hours, they opened the doors and the stranger went inside again. the boy was so happy to see the story behind him. he thanked his parents for the story and said, 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time there was a tough piece of art. it was so big that i can't take a long time. i thought it would be fun and exciting. but i was scared of art. i would never get up to end the story. i'm scared of it!" it was so scared 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i closed my eyes and said a special word


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i asked you a very good player. i was excited and began to tell people the story. but i didn't know how to read yet thanksgiving a story. every time i asked a good player, i replied a bad thing. all you wanted to tell me this story about the bad player, i would give you a wish if i could teach you. but i cannot tell you the story. i am very difficult to want to read it, but i do a good students and you can tell me a story. please make me really good, okay? the good player fished along and i have a war between it. down, i will hear you from here tasty ingredients in the kitchen so i can read another good story." william was so happy that he helped the good player. he learnt how to read the good magazine and offer it to his little friends. on the way home, the good player asked the good player to tell them a story about the good player who found something special. the good player listened carefully and telling the goodine. from that day on, the good player and will remain


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time a gentle voice 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time there was a lion who was very excited. he asked his mother if he could go. she said yes, and the lion was so happy! he went into a room behind the couch and climbed up on chairs. he smiled and said together 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time the story, i said the long notebook is for writing down. the story was about a big and mean monster who looked very frustrated. i have to tell us about his big, mean monster. the big, mean monster put all his rubs and hands on the floor. i also stuck his hands on the notebook to make them look very silly. everyone in the kingdom was very angry and shouted at the big, mean monster.the monster was so scared that he ran away, bumping into things. he thought he was too messy to make any sue happy. the big, mean monster caught the little chest in its mouth. he threw the notebook in the trash! the end.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time it was a special story about a polite mouse. the mouse was very polite. he smiled and said, "take me on an adventure". the mouse laughed and set off. he waved your paw like the mouse and smiled when he arrived at the woods. he ran towards the river without saying anything word. then, he shouted, "you're on an adventure in wild." but when he reached the middle of the river, you caught something something that fat had notaced. it was a tiny pink egg! used his mouth to pick up the egg and set it back into the lake. he enjoyed his story and felt very proud. he knew he was going to hide, so he waited for the moon and when it finally came, he ran inside and always went with joy.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time i woke up, i needed to tell a story before tales. i thought it was a wonderful story. so i began climbing and climbing and climbing, but it was too long for me. then i heard a child watching me start a story. i wanted to show that he was a successful story about tigers and minerals. i


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i said a story about the moon. i was very curious about the moon and how it made me laugh. the moon was harmless so that i made it sounds like it was so amazing that i agreed to tell it the imagin. so, i went home and found a wonderful story about it. it was about a brave knight with a sword. i'm so happy that i was able to make something so good. i told the story, i didn't understand the story meaning of his home. i went to tell the friend and said the story of the knight's house. the friend was so happy that i see his home and thanked you for telling the story. it was very nice. remember, i will never forget it from now on who had such a wonderful story to share.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time i told a story about being creative and sentences of creating things coming up with fun and ideas. everyone in the kingdom loved when you remove the little things the hard paper clips on they. the sun twinkled, the presents connected the details of the people around and made sure they had a leash on each other. suddenly the little boy started feeling sad. he had used a clever idea to cheer him up. he smiled at himself. when he saw how happy that he thought, he joined in on telling the story short and creative ideas of making them happy with the silly boy's results. it was a wonderful dream and that he was never selfish again.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time will approaching his kingdom. he nodded his head eagerly at noon, who was enjoying the lesson project that spoiled. one night, you


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i said to a story about a gentle dog and a little stupid bug who loved to rock back and forth, flying like the dog kattails. i laughed as i rock all day and night. you got lost in the woods and i miss you, i want you to go back home. please don't be sad. the dog would watch me and bring me something else. the little bug kept rocking back and forth, but the dog would just focus on himself. the little bug thought for a moment, then said, "mom, you can help me find the way back home. i hope to find her soon, twinkling spotted a long cord of grass in the distance. i think i should try it, but i don't think you can do it." the dog barked, "no, we can't. this is just right. i won't help you." so i kept rocking and staying peace in the woods for a while, finding the way back home. when the little bug arrived at home, he kissed his mom on the forehead and watched him sleep for a long time. he realized


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time, i said bye to my friend jim. jim washed up all the horizon and showed me a pose with a big colorful cup. 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time you received a scale. he was excited because it was an incredible book with lots of colorful pictures. he asked his friend, ico, what an incredible story meant. ico said, 


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time in a clearing, i followed a path he had never seen before. the path was very colorful, with lots of fun things to do. one night, i woke up to find a huge, red apple. i was very hungry. i was so decided to have a snack. i ate an apple and it was very tasty. the next day, i put on some extra tasty apples and went to sleep. he wanted to tell all of the other other tasty things in the world. the next morning, i woke up and went running to tell the other children on the other side of the path. the children were all smiling and cheering when they were standing by the apple happiness. i filled the sky with candles, the sun was shining, and the squirrels were smiling too. they had a wonderful day and were all very content.


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time i found a book. he thought it was so cool he read it gently. the first story was about a magical swan. the magical swan dreamed of flying really high in the sky. wanted to get closer to see it so badly. he remembered the story his mom had told him


Smallm:  before you go to sleep, i want to tell you a story. once upon a time remembering the story made true and dreams. he thought it sounded all over him, but today he knew he would find one. he put his furry body on his bottom and he heard a mysterious story about a big lion! away he tried to run, but it was too late. he had vanished into thin air all the time! where did he pass? the lion was sad, but he knew he had been caught and it sounded very bad. after a few moments, he was sad and he slowly approached. he opened his favourite toy his furry friend, a lucky old one. when it was time to put the story in the bear's tree branch and his friends looked for it but all they could have seen. so they were told's age that it was a very ugly painful book. today, the lion decided to share the big story cake with everyone. his friends were so happy and thanked him for his big brother. from then on, they all told each other a story and they were the happiest one in the world!


=========
GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a girl who had six sisters. When the girls were small, they would be fed only rice, corn, oil cakes, and fish. One day the girl was eating a piece of fish and she felt funny. This is how the story went: One day she tried to chew on a piece of chicken. After eating, she was suddenly feeling lightheaded, and she went to her six sisters and said, "What has gotten into me?" They then all looked at each... read more. TV 13 7.21\n\nComic Garden add A series of anime-styled shorts about the eccentric neighbors of a fictional town. OVA 1 6.88\n\nHokuto no Ken: Ajin add A popular spinoff manga from the popular fighting card game of the same name. OVA 1 6.87\n\nFistful of Dollars add Short story from Japanese author Yousuke Kuroda about a man who used to have his own bank account in the 1990s only to be robbed by some punk. The punk would take out the money with a bill... read more. OVA 1 6.65\n\nThe Legend of Zelda x Ace'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, a girl got an electric fan and she turned it on and she left the house and she went out and she went anywhere and she didn\'t want to come back."\n\n\nAnd people\'s attention turned to this girl\'s bedroom and to the girl\'s room.\n\n\nThe crowd went silent but then suddenly people started to laugh. And then they all started to dance. And then the girl put on some music. And then she took her favorite sweater out. And what is that all about. What is it all about. The crowd goes silent. The next night, this same woman took her favorite sweater and put it over her face.\n\n\nWhen she stopped laughing at the first laugh, a second laugh followed. And then a third. A fourth, a fifth, a sixth and it all became a series of laughs. And everyone was laughing and this woman\'s favorite sweater. This woman was smiling and enjoying each laugh.\n\n\nAnd she said, people started to whisper behind him, people started to whisper behind him. But then suddenly someone shouted the girl\'s name. The crowd went silent again. Then someone else yelled and another laugh followed this time, and the crowd turned'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a man named Goro, who had no friends, and no money. He used to live on a mountain in the middle of the jungle and he used to live very lonely. One day the jungle began to crumble. Many animals, which lived there, started to move on. One of them was a tiger. He was a very big tiger, and the tiger came to the man who was living there. Goro told this tiger that he had no friends, and he also told this tiger that if he did not leave the jungle, the jungle would fall on his head every day.\n\nTherefore, the tiger left the jungle and found somewhere else to live. That was very good for the man who had no friends and no money, but it was a very bad thing for Goro. One day, the tiger found himself in a new town, a city that had nothing of value in it, and he built his very fancy house and named it 'Goro's Land'. Soon, all the animals in the jungle came to live in Goro's Land and it was the closest place to escape for the man who had no friends.\n\nOne day G"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time there lived two children, and the older one was as stupid as the youngest. He was as lazy and stupid as a mouse, and he could never get even the smallest bit of work done. One morning this mouse thought the door of the little house he lived in was locked, so he sat in front of the door and tried to bang on it, but for some reason, he couldn\'t make a peep out of the sill of the door after repeated banging. At first he thought he was mad, but when he looked around, there was no one in the house. He thought at first that somebody else had broken into the house, but then he thought, "What a strange house! There are no lights on, and in a window that should only be open a few days, someone must be home!" So he picked up a large stone and broke the door down. Then he looked for a way to get in, and for a while he found it pretty easy. He found a small window that could open and then hung upside down to a narrow plank, where he could climb in by hanging on the log. So he climbed in and went to sleep for the very first'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, before humanity came to be, before we learned to use weapons to kill each other, and before we learned to make war together in the peaceful times before war, we had an evil one. It was called the Great Old One. It is dead now, but it was powerful. It had all the powers of a king, except it was a demon, and you were a demon hunter."\n\nCrowley pulled the amulet off his hip, pulled out a few coins from his pocket, and fished three more out of his coat.\n\n"We would seek the Great Old One out, and slay it. But then one night we fought a war that left the Great Old One sealed inside the ruins of one of the great pyramids of the Gobi Desert. We knew we were doomed, but we still wanted more power by killing the Great Old One. So I killed it, but not by being the great human man that you are today."\n\n"What kind of idiot thinks that he needs to kill people, kill people, kill people, just to get stronger?" Shrugging, Crowley slid back in his chair.\n\n"There was an old'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a girl who had been taken by us, and who could not be rescued. We took her in, and nursed her back to health — but with no great joy."\n\n"A woman who is dead has no memories of her past, you know."\n\n"\'Mm-hm," said the old man, with a nod of understanding. "\'She was an unhappy one, and was taken in by us when she was old enough, and nursed back to health as best she could. But for some reason, our kind took a personal liking to her, and gave her a name — and that name is now the name with which her blood shall flow ever after — the name of Kanae. She lived happily, we are sure, and was a real friend to us.\'\n\n"\'What has become of your mother?\'"\n\n"\'She was taken away by a ship of the fleet, and lost in the storm. There has been no news since, but the child, when it was grown, was found in the water; our kind took her back again, and we have been her guardians ever since. Sometimes, we think, we'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time there was an old friend. She was so dear and precious to me. I wanted so much to be with her right now. But then something terrible happened. For some reason this friend of mine, I don't know how long she was with the other person I knew. She just wasn't the same anymore. When the people in her life tried talking to her she didn't want to hear anything. All I know is that when she decided she didn't feel like being a good friend to me anymore she decided to go her own way. I don't know exactly when it happened but her soul walked outside of this world. She was missing from my life, but now I've found her! And here I am hoping to make up for what she had lost. The spirit I am trying to contact is a beautiful woman named Grace. And she wants so badly for me to be a good friend to her. She wants me to help her find a place where, like before when she was here, she would feel welcomed and felt loved. This means a lot to me and my thoughts and prayers are with her and her family during this difficult time. Again, I'll call Grace Grace"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, in a place called America, there were eight of us, one of them was named Barack Obama. And one day they said to him: America and these eight of you are in for a very bad time, because on May 29, 2010, Barack Obama was born in Kenya…. But for one brief moment, these eight of you, Barack Obama, will live in glory, because on May 29, 2010, he was born a member of our American family and he has been elected the 35th president of the United States. He\'s got his job. He\'s got some work to do. But do not forget: There are still seven children from the original eight. There is still the African-American community that\'s waiting for him to perform. The African-American people have been asking him to get off his throne long enough for them to sit on it. So now that we have a new president, I am now going to tell President Obama the whole story about the story we heard through his life. Let\'s get on to the story and get going, Obama!\n\nThis passage is a perfect example of what I call "The Narrative": The whole point of the'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, we were slaves of the gods. We were the ones who had to clean this temple, and there was no one in the world who looked before as much effort as we did. After we had finished our cleaning job we were not paid and so we asked the priests for our wages because we thought that this was just a common thing that happened in the temples.\n\nThe priests refused to give us any money and so we started to dig wells instead of paying for the water. The priests then started to say "What a silly man" and they began to shout at us so much that we grew tired and had to return them our wage. So we kept digging wells, and no paid us anything, and eventually it just started getting worse and you know what we did? We beat the priests with the pipes so that we could get our wages back. After we beat them we returned the pay in full. They started to cry and we beat on their chest and belly until all tears flowed in the temples. That was the first time in history that the priests cried to the gods, and the first time in history that they actually received the amount that they claimed to have been paid.'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, a boy called Jack was riding his bike to school when he was hit down by a bus. He was in a coma for a week. His mother found out he was born with a heart defect, and Jack's family decided that since he was in the hospital for so long, he should live happily ever after. That was not to be the case. When Jack woke up, the rest of his family was gone. When they went looking for him, he told them his life was in limbo. Then the boy they were looking for told them their own. Their stories seemed to be getting bigger all the time, and no matter what he did, the people that found him were never going to do him the justice he deserved. But now, in your dreams and your imagination of a perfect life, he has changed, Jack's heart has transformed into one of true love and commitment. Now, Jack is ready to make good on his name by taking on the world, and his destiny starts HERE!!! I want you to live this story in your dreams and in your dreams' imagination, and let it influence your actions for a few nights, and let it build up some energy in your"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, a man decided it would be a good idea to build a dam in a place that he didn't trust with the power he thought existed in that area. He hoped that if the power of the dam did flow over his dam, he wouldn't wake up in a world where dam wasn't built and where it didn't take water away from the land. When the dam was finished, he was very pleased that he did not wake up in this world and that his dam did not destroy the earth.\n\nThe story goes like that. There is one problem with this man's dam though as he was very wrong in building it. The dam was of very little effect on the world as it didn't take anything away from the land. The world had a natural balance as it is and as such, this man's dam didn't do much to change any of that. In fact, what he should have done is to go back to using an actual dam. There is an article about this dam on our website that explains a bit of the story.\n\nOne thing, we get tired of hearing. Sometimes the best thing to do is to move on from a situation we find"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a man. The man had many friends. One night, the friend of the man went missing, apparently killed by an invisible monster. This disappeared and the man felt very sad. What happened?\n\nWell, it was the night of a full moon and the man went into the forest and sat under a tree, under the full moon. He listened to the sound and thought that, it was that of an animal in the forest. The next thing he knew, he was wakened with a scream in his ear!\n\nThat is no dream. That is real, I tell you."\n\n–Rafael Biberman, "The Tempting Moon: Tales of Time" (1949)\n\nThe legend of the Tempting Moon (literally "The Black Moon") appears to make some sense. But before we consider that, we need to understand two things about the legend. The first is that Tempting Moon, however it\'s represented, is actually not a mythical creature.\n\nIts creator is named in the legend. He\'s named Rafael Biberman. He\'s a painter who has drawn the imagery of a'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, on an island, a princess fell in love with a prince. However, they were too young... For you to learn more, you will have to go back to the kingdom and travel to the island.\n\nIf you ever want to experience a romance of your own with a real prince or princess...\n\nI shall call you the Player.\n\n"The Legend of King\'s Cross"\n\nKing\'s Cross Station is a fictional intercity journey station where the world\'s trains travel between their home base in The Tower and each of their nearby stations. For example, the first two stations (Tower and City) of the E Train run from the tower across the road to City across the road, connecting the two. At City, the first two trains of the E train run from City across the road to Tower, connecting the two E trains.\n\nTrivia Edit\n\nIt might seem like the station is a replica of City Hall but that is not true because the station itself is just outside City Hall.\n\nHowever when you stand near the statue of the famous philosopher Charles Darwin, you will receive a notification, along with that of the first train in the'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, back in the late 1800s, there was a large group of British Jews in New York City, and one day, the members of the group gathered for a meeting. I remember it vividly as if it was yesterday.\n\nThe discussion was about one's future, what one would be doing for a living, and what one hoped to attain in order to provide a comfortable life. One member decided to be an actor. There were a number of people who agreed on him, and for a time he played a major part. But then the discussion turned to his work and he gave up. He could not make a living playing the part. But he did not give up. He was a loyal and consistent member of the group who always followed the group's plan. He was an actor from the moment he joined.\n\nLater, the group went to Hollywood and a group of members went on to become successful film producers. I believe that a time should come when everyone in the world will be working for their own benefits; every business, every profession, and every place of employment will be as private as it is possible to make it. Each business organization as it is constructed now"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a king named Rohan who lived at the base of the Shire. King Rohan\'s people were poor. Rohan himself was not too fat, but he ate most of the food he ate so only the strong people could be his soldiers. And some of them became fat too.\n\nKing Rohan died. And, on one day, he visited one of his servants and told him what his people needed. He told the servant to make a meal of goat and venison stew and salt. The servant did, and then the servant came back and told King Rohan that he hadn\'t eaten his meal. King Rohan went to the servant and looked at him. The servant looked him in the eye for a long time. And at last, the servant nodded his head and said, "Yes, sir, you have eaten the meal."\n\nKing Rohan was overjoyed. King Rohan was going to eat goat and venison stew, and then he was going to eat goat meat because the servant had told him. So they served Rohan with goat and venison Stew, and they cooked it perfectly. And then Rohan had to'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time a man named Robert "The Moth" Moore was a man like any other, an outlander, a vagabond, an adventurer. But in the midst of his life\'s adventures and misadventures, he met a woman named Elizabeth. The two men became involved in romance, and they vowed to continue their lives together. But when one of Robert\'s adventures was to hunt the famous King of Piedmont for a silver-haired maiden, Robert\'s life was forever changed. Robert\'s passion, his obsession, his obsession destroyed his life. He abandoned her and went into hiding, never to be seen again in daylight. But now, twenty-one years later, the Moth is back. And it is time to see if he can save this girl. In today\'s episode of the podcast, Robert and Elizabeth share their story of passion, passion destruction, and passion redemption.\n\nDownload this episode (right click and save)\n\nSend me suggestions for future guests: bobby@incompetech.com. If you like this episode, consider leaving a review!'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, two women and a man were having a chat on the phone.\n\nThe man was a professional gambler and a woman was an accountant. They were making long distance phone calls with someone else. The woman was also pregnant. She was so annoyed, she screamed "I won\'t pay you if you don\'t get off the phone!"\n\nThe phone company refused to allow them to hang up or make the call again.\n\nThey did the next best thing and switched numbers.'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was an army of demons. They came to this land to do what they do best: ruin lives. But there was one man who put his faith in a good man. The demon that came to destroy them was killed by this man, but the good man stood firm in his defense of faith.[1]\n\nAfter the demon was killed, the man rose from his grave, and he said to us, "Glad to hear that you were the people who stood up to oppose this army. We will stand before you in good faith but you must defeat the demons." [2]\n\nWell we\'re here to tell you that the Good Man was your ally. What we do here is to gather the scattered demons to do battle with you. It might sound simple, but we are not your simple enemies. We are demons that have chosen the path to evil. We are the Dark Knight, the Black Knight, the Phantom Knight, and the Dark Mage.[3]'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time there was a king who had two great horses.\n\nThere was a young woman named Isabella, who was very beautiful, and who was very cunning. I mean really cunning, with a whole lot of brains. Isabella went one day to the king and said (and she was very wise or whatever you want to call it), "You have two horses, the one that has three horns, and the other that has two horns."\n\nThe king was thinking about the good of the kingdom, and he gave the two horns to the one horse, and put the third one in the stable.\n\nThe next year, the same thing happened. Isabella came back the third time with this horse, but this time she told the king she wanted two horses and the third one was to go for a few days with the groom. So the king said, well, of course I thought that she had done wrong to change the order—she didn\'t get the third one because she was going away with the groom.\n\nYou see, that\'s where the story gets a little tricky, because this is an example of the classic tale called the Three Wise Men who come'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a wizard who lived in a castle. One day he wanted to buy some furniture — in the back yard, under the eaves, or on a hillside. It was his most basic desire, and he was sure no one would object. So he called up his magician friends, and asked them to create their own magical furniture. When their work was finished, it was in the back yard, under the eaves, or on a hillside. Now, they could have called it "magic" furniture — they could have called it even furniture that was "made of magic." To anyone who had no special interest in magic, and who was only following a man\'s desire to get furniture, the magical furniture might have looked like ordinary furniture. But to those of us who are deeply invested in the idea of magic, it was a strange and startling addition to the furniture. Perhaps the most important thing to notice when we look at this story is the fact that one of the names of one of the great magical chairs is Daffy Duck. Daffy\'s name could appear in a piece of magic — if he wanted it to. Magic was an integral part of Daff'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, you were an atheist. If you go back far enough, you'll find that people were atheists before you. Then people were atheists but they didn't have the luxury of believing without reason. Nowadays, everyone thinks they're an atheist but no one is. Just take a look at any public space — everyone thinks they're an atheist — and you'll see. I'm glad you're my friend!\n\nPassionate atheism isn't just about faith and it isn't just about belief. The real passion is to seek answers. To seek the truth and know the truth. Because there's someone out there who has the answers. Everyone, from a teenager to the Pope, knows that they don't know the truth so they'll go after the truth until they do. So many religious people go after their gods, and some of those people will be right!\n\nIn my day it was possible to follow any religious path. Now, it's not. The only path you have is the path of truth because you can't prove one way or the other, just because they're not good enough, not perfect enough. So you have to find out which one you believe"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, an army of witches decided to build a castle in a certain place and to stay here forever. After many years of keeping their location, the sorcerers discovered that the castle didn't have any exits. This was a problem for them, as they couldn't leave and would be discovered, eventually. It took a long time to escape their isolation and they finally succeeded. The castle was soon located in the middle of the forest and soon found a way to make some money. The witches were now very rich. One day. they took off, leaving their riches behind, and set out for the outer part of the world for a new start. One day, a witch, her child, and two other children, came upon a village of humans and saw that there were just two women in the village without children, even though they were very old themselves. The witch decided they should take a look and to bring a little something to their families that night. The witch brought a little baby goat and took him inside the house. The human women looked on with a mixture of anger and fear. The people were very surprised to see the little goat in such a place and they thought that it was"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time there was a small town called Greengrass. But then something horrible happened. You can imagine what happened next... (SOUNDBITE OF BOOING) (ORCHESTRA VOICE)...Oh, no. How could this happen? And no one knew the cause. It was a strange epidemic that would decimate this small town for years. The townspeople tried to figure out what was going on but no one was to trusted. (MUMBLING) Not even the doctors. So to get the straight facts people decided to hide those facts from everybody, except the one doctor. And then, one night, the doctor found his brother in bed with another man. They didn\'t want him to get arrested. The doctor panicked. He came before Judge Cramer and said, "Judge, please protect me. Please protect me. People want my head, but they\'re afraid of me. Do something." But the judge refused. The doctor called in his friends and they went up to him and they shot him. And then they hanged him. (GIGGLING) You are not good at this. You have no idea how it feels to be helpless'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, in San Pedro de Torre, Mexico, they had a guy who lived a bad life. He was a very bad person. He stole, he robbed, he stabbed people, stole, stole, stole, killed, killed, and killed some more. The guy was such a bad guy that the guy didn't even have to do anything to get away with it. Nobody was ever able to catch him.\n\nBut there he sat and he would go to sleep at night and, you know what, some time or another, he'd get up, look about two hours in, and he'd realize he had to go back out and steal as much jewelry, money, all that kind of thing, as he could. But he had no idea where his money was hidden; nobody knew where it was hidden. And the more he stole, eventually all his money, he had it all hidden in one corner of the room. So he would go to sleep and come up with enough money to hide as much as he could. He'd run out of money and the next thing you know, he's dead.\n\nAnd the question everyone had was, what happened to all"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, back in the good old days, when there were no problems in life and no need for anything else. Then one night the evil witches came and sucked out most of our souls, they said it was because of one foolish woman who thought she could destroy them. I don't know the story and I won't ruin it for you. But if you listen closely, it must be about how a good wife should be. Anyway, I don't want you to see it that way. I was just making up an excuse not to spend the night, especially after having such a good time that night. This will be one of the reasons why your wife can't be with you today. It was such a good night, and I wanted you to stay a few more nights. I just didn't want to spend them doing something that had bad consequences. So I took off all of my clothes and slipped into bed beside you. You couldn't have touched me anyway, otherwise I would have put myself in your bed. It seems almost normal to me, but I won't force you to watch. I want you to take off all of these clothes yourself. I love being naked and touching"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, in the Kingdom of Man, there was nobody.\n\nAnd there were two towns…one big, one little.\n\nIt was a place called Manster, and it had one giant town hall; the place where all the important people gathered, where the most powerful kings and queens of the land met and negotiated all manner of important business.\n\nAnd of course, it was also the most famous and most luxurious of all the town hall.\n\nIt was the Great Hall of Justice.\n\nIt contained a magnificent hall filled with stone pillars. To the sides were windows that looked out on Manster's skyline. The ceiling spanned the sky, and the room was so vast that a man could stroll around it and hardly see anything.\n\nAnd to the front of the hall was a giant, round, open door. On the side of it, there were red velvet seats and a table; and on the table, there was a chair with a golden armrest. There was a tablecloth upon which was written: Manster is a beautiful city, and Manster, the seat of justice, is a wonderful place to dwell.\n\nSo who"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was an evil wizard who liked to burn witches. He wanted to burn witch and wizard alike, for only witches and wizards get caught in fire. So he burned down all but one town. Then he put an end to the practice, but he didn't stop there. He set all the books in the village to burn. Then he burned the village, he burned the whole village, but even though the witch-king was gone, the witches were not. I tell you, witches love books. So what happens is, when witches burn all their books, the books just disappear…I know. I want this to stop. I need the last one, and I know that it is hidden. I knew it. Just the thought of it makes me feel all warm…and all empty. The worst part is, the more that I think about it, the more that they will be gone forever. The next day, as I go over to the house, I see the books everywhere. Not far from there is some farm land, so I search for the witch's house there, and it's here. There's nothing but the blackened husk of a house and"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, in our own little corner of the internet, there existed a website, an article, a thread, a video. It was all a piece. And it was amazing. Every piece of content had so much to say and so much to share, and it didn't have to be a giant article, of course. It could be just a little blog post, it could just be a video, just anything could work. It was all great and you just tried to please everybody. But, just recently, I got a request from one of my viewers. She asked that she be allowed to link to the whole thing. No, it wouldn't be the whole thing – it would be just a few links. But she wanted to share it all with all the people who liked her post. I didn't think I should, but she got me. So, I had her do it. She even changed her name. But you know what? All the people who like that post will have a little little piece about this story here. And I want them all to keep being inspired to share something, to keep sharing. That is how it should go. That is how it ought to"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a good wizard (myself). But like many, I too, like Harry, found myself at a lost situation when a woman named Zola, or more specifically, Zola's brother (she had three brothers and three sisters – in modern terms, her relationship to her family was much more extensive than in her stories: three times as many siblings, so to speak) convinced her to start a whole new life on a pirate ship somewhere on the seas. Of course, we won't go into details, as she already did, but she knew all of our names and we stayed in contact. But I never knew anything about her other than the brief details she told me – I thought she was just a big silly fat woman, you know.\n\nThis all ended when I went with Zola to visit her, not knowing who she was but thinking I wouldn't stay long. I just happened to know about Zola's brother and her family too, and it was great, really. But then my boat left the harbour, and I was off to try and find my own way back to my original ship. But the same thing happened – I just happened to"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, a girl named Kala was cursed into madness by evil priests of Moloch. The evil priests said Kala's mind was corrupting and so had to be purged.\n\nThe evil priests brought forth a demon lord. Kala tried to turn the demon against the priests, but she learned her lesson and cursed the demon instead. She threw the demon to the edge of the world, for she knew that if she returned to the world, the demon would take over. She watched as the world trembled and the world was wracked by madness.\n\nKala waited until the land had returned to normal, and then she cast the girl outside into the wilderness. She then went to the place where the demon lord ruled over the world – the Tower of Moloch.\n\nInside, she took the body of a woman she had slain years before; she cut loose a magic spell that was bound to her by the bond with her lover. She then took the body from the ground and cast her own soul into it. Now, the soul was the soul of the woman and the body of Kala she had once killed.\n\nShe then cast her soul out"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was an elephant that lived amongst humans. Some say that she got to know humans as "friends." To show how kind and considerate they were, they gave their elephant friend a wonderful home where they fed her, cleaned her and cuddled together.\n\nIt wasn\'t long before the elephant grew bored and felt neglected. So she decided to go off and find her own friends.\n\nShe roamed the countryside, wandering from town to town, from forest to forest, looking for people to introduce themselves to.\n\nOne day, she spotted an old man, in white linen trousers and a big white beard. Her heart stopped beating when she saw him and said:\n\n"I am a friend of the elephant friend."\n\nHe said:\n\n"Come with me, I will tell you a story."\n\nShe did, and he began his story:\n\n"Once upon a time, there was a king. He had many wives, all beautiful. His daughters were beautiful, too, and so were his sons too, and the whole kingdom was full of love.\n\nOne day, as the king walked behind his royal elephant,'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, humans lived among dinosaurs that evolved into something called the Triceratops. They looked like dinosaurs, but they were bigger: they had a long neck and a lot of neck. They didn't have horns, but they had a horn on their noses. They were as carnivorous as a Tyrannosaurus rex. But now it's another story. Our Triceratops and their ancestors have gone on to dominate the earth as we know it. This is the first dinosaur to live through the new Age. The story ends now, and a brand new tale unfolds before your very eyes and ears. We'll get to that in a second…"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a witch who lived in a small village named Hartsville. She lived a pretty normal life - she was the matriarch of a very normal family, which was also married to a very normal man. Her son was not particularly happy in his life - the man he was married to had a wife, a daughter, a stepdaughter, a daughter-in-law, and a son. He wanted his son to live up to his father\'s example and go on to join a prestigious army. He had many of his school mates propose to him, but all of them - his friends, his stepmother, his sister\'s marriage plan, his family - were disappointed in his decision to join the army. Still, they went on with business as usual. After all, it was the military.\n\n"He was not happy with the thought," I say. "Every moment he spent in the classroom he would think about leaving and joining some fancy military academy. On the other hand, if he was only allowed to spend time with his mother, he felt a little guilty. He wished he could tell her he was joining her, because it is impossible to hide'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, I worked with a guy who was a huge fan of the show, and we were very close to the producer. You see, in his first season of "Orange Is the New Black," he went to visit his favorite show, "The Office." He loved it, and he even made his manager cry because of his obsession with John Krasinski and Jenna Fischer — and he was in love — so I\'m sure it went down well on that end, too. That wasn\'t my relationship with the show though — I was working as a writer/producer on the show at the time. One day just before I was about to go on the show, my producer asked me, "Are you interested in doing a piece on \'Orange Is The New Black,\' especially with a few of the people you mentioned? Would you be all right with the article being a personal one, which I could get to know better?"\n\nNot wanting to throw him another curve ball or anything like that, I said sure!\n\nAfter we chatted for quite a while, we got on a plane. A few hours later, we were at the airport, and my producer called again'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a little boy. His name was Henry. He didn\'t have a father. He didn\'t have anyone to help him out. And, it wasn\'t just the other kids in school who bullied him, it was his teachers as well. Sometimes, he got teased in the cafeteria, but he had the support from his friends and he was always one of the best in class. And one day, he was taking a test in gym when he lost.\n\n"Oh no," his teacher said, "your scores are too low. They\'re too low."\n\n"But how can I do that?" Henry yelled in the middle of the class. He was never one to get down easily. "You say I need to do better, but it\'s not the way I do it! It\'s not the way that I go about things! So what? What did you expect?"\n\n"It\'s not fair," he cried again. "All my friends are going to get the best scores and it\'s not fair for you to go down like that, Henry!" The teacher had always been the calmest one among the kids, but now he was angry'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a little girl and her name was Elsa. The thing that happened is that Elsa grew up into a girl, and she had to go through all that to make up for the mistakes of her mother. And what do you know, that wasn\'t too hard, because she was more understanding and gentle and kind than her mom ever was."\n\n"Wait, why do I feel a bit uneasy?" Anna asked.\n\n"Did you know Elsa had a dad?" Kristoff asked.\n\nIt took Elsa until now to answer that the Queen had no clue that anyone had a dad.\n\n"When did you know? At least say five years ago," Elsa sighed. "Do you still remember that time?"\n\n"Not really. I think it was probably at some party or dinner with your family or something. I really can\'t think that many years ago," Anna said. She wasn\'t sure how long this had been going on, but there might have been some kind of misunderstanding where Elsa got confused and was thinking about it for a while.\n\n"Why do you ask?"\n\n"Well… I just… well, it happened and'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was an old man who had an unruly child. The child was very naughty, and it didn't take long before the man was trying to get him to behave. So one day he took it out on the old tree stump. But the tree was a big tree. And this old man was quite proud of his tree stump and was able to swing it with great vigour and accuracy. So he got to swinging it across the yard and around the back of the house. He didn't know that it would knock the old man's head against the wall of the house; and even if he did get to swing it, he didn't know that he'd knock the old man's head into the stump. But after he'd swung it a few times and the old man stopped going to work, he started back to swing the tree again. And the tree cracked the old man's skull on the wall of the house! And the tree continued to swing and swing and crack and crack and crack. And the old man's head and the trunk of the tree started splitting apart!\n\nThe story says, no doubt, that it would be impossible for you to try to"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, the first man on earth was an animal. When evolution went on a mission, he became a man – a super man. Now, I don't know about you, but when you're an animal and evolve, you're a normal man. However, the man evolved while a monkey was growing on his shoulder and when the man got his shoulder, he got an itch so he scratched off the part on his shoulder that was growing on his shoulder. He had to have to find the monkey on his shoulder, so he scratched that monkey and, voila! – a giant monkey (a gorilla). It's the same with me. You know the story about the first man and the primate? Anyway that's the story. Anyway, the world became a civilized man when he evolved and when he evolved to the super man, then the super man had to find a new kind of monkey. So the human race evolved a little bit.\n\nOK, on to your sleep. First, the big question. How do you know that you're sleeping? Let me help you out. When you wake up in the same way, every time, you're sleeping. Your face isn"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a king with three children – Prince, Princess, Princess. Prince and Princess were good lovers, and liked to spend their time together, exploring the world and making new friends. But Princess was still young, having only recently been crowned as heir to the throne of the largest kingdom in the world, and they needed to settle down. So Prince and Princess both decided that they should visit his old kingdom one more time before he passed down the throne to the new one.\n\nPrince and Princess traveled down to his kingdom and saw its very beautiful and very welcoming capital of the place, but it was also very large and very hard to find. So Prince and Princess decided to do their best to return home with a map of the kingdom and a compass. Princess was even given a compass, but Prince was told not to touch it as it was his to keep. So he returned home, and there he had a conversation with Princess about the time in the past when, to her knowledge, he had forgotten her.\n\nIn the meantime, with Princess' compass in hand, she came to the gate and the gate guard asked if that was Prince and Princess' child. Princess"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, this was an unassuming neighborhood. Now it's the center of a bustling business district. A new highway is being built right next to you right now. The residents there, who own a large portion of the land, want to build a highway, not in the back of a town, but in the middle of a large, urban park. You can already see the end result of their plans in the plans that they've come up with so far, however: a giant highway to go right by you and then, a mile and a half further on, a second highway that's going to be built right next to you. They don't want it, and they're telling everybody about their desire to build in this neighborhood. So this is the most difficult challenge for them.\n\nThe challenge is to get the right population, the right people. Because when you build a highway in a large park, that's going to impact all kinds of people, and the most important people, and that's the neighbors that are right next door. You have to do everything in your power to keep the neighbors within the community happy, happy, happy, happy, just like everybody else."


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time there lived a boy who was called, Tom. Tom was a good boy, a wonderful boy, a very brave boy. He loved to run. Now, he had many friends, they all shared his love of running. One of Tom's friends, Jack, had a talent; running in a straight line. For some reason, Jack ran in the direction of tom's house, a very good distance. When they arrived at Tom's house, Jack fell asleep. Tom was quite distressed and worried that Jack might hurt something. Then, someone asked about Jack's training, how often and how long he runs. When Tom told them his story, all of them were surprised by what they listened of. They wondered to themselves how his friend could run in such a straight line. They said Jack was very lucky and had no excuse to fall asleep in a strange place. Then they all went back home to the village with their new knowledge.\n\nTom woke to find himself in a strange place like this. It was very dark, and the sun was low on the horizon. He could see trees, but not houses or buildings. Tom was confused and frightened. He looked inside his bag"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, you were in a room, the door closed and everything was quiet. When there were no noises, the light was all on, the temperature was at an optimal level, and you could not hear anything. But I know that you felt completely relaxed and at peace. The very first thing that woke you up was that you could hardly breathe, even though you know of no reason for that. After that, you started feeling dizzy and unable to move. You started wondering what had happened to you, and there was no trace of anyone that it could be. You kept on thinking back and forth about when and where you could have gotten to that state, and now you were certain that it was only a dream. But if you believe that this all happened, and you start to cry, don't worry about it being just a dream. Even though you are still in that trance you are just too close to waking up…\n\nWhat you need to do is follow these instructions step by step from waking up. Whenever you have those thoughts, just remember to wake up. At first they will be difficult, but as your sleep behavior improves you will be able to wake up as easily"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a young man in the countryside of Germany. He could see his mother once or twice in the mornings, when she would wake up to put something or other in the oven. But his parents were still married, and it was not the usual time for mother and child to see each other. They were no longer in love, after the marriage of his mother's friend to a man from a good family. But the young man still loved his mother. He could hear the sound of her voice while she was busy at the stove or in the shower. He never stopped seeing her. He missed her very much.\n\nOne cold winter day, the young man heard a loud noise in the woods or in the field. Without moving, he stood up and went running to look. It was the sound of a baby crying in the woods. After he had run away to his home, the crying continued in the fields around the house. He went to the manger and found his child there. He carried that baby to his room. The young man, the baby and his parents lived happily now for a while. But when the young man went to hear the sound again in"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, a beautiful young girl went to the village to buy some flowers.\n\nOne day, after her trip, this girl fell in despair. And the flower seller told the girl, \'I have a way to help you to regain your happiness. You want to become a singer. So I asked my master, and he told me to give you this flower to perform for the people. But he also advised me to promise to give you a gift which has infinite value.\'\n\nThis flower became the daughter of the girl\'s heart. She was called \'The Flower Goddess\'.\n\nAnd the day that the girl was born, the Flower Goddess went to her house, and said, "Dear girl, please put my flower in your mouth."\n\nAnd the Beautiful Flower Goddess said, "It is a very simple flower. And for how many days do you promise to eat and drink of it?"\n\n"Until I die," replied the daughter.\n\nThe Flower Goddess was a powerful woman. When she saw that no one could help her daughter to become a singer, she told her that she should keep away from people for that long period of time.\n\nThe'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, my sister got locked in a closet.\n\n"Why, what\'s going on, Nana?" you ask. "That\'s odd. We were out and about all night eating ice cream."\n\n"Did the bad guys kidnap her?"\n\n"No! That\'s just the girls making bad puns at the mall the other night!"\n\nOh, you\'d like the puns? They\'re really good these days! They\'re really good. They are so good, you won\'t even be able to look straight at the characters when they\'re on screen. You\'ll simply think, "I wonder what\'s over there?"\n\nThe bad guys in my sister\'s closet:\n\n"Why, they are so mean!" you say. "What kind of cruel prank is this? Let alone a kidnapper, they\'re just cruel! I can\'t believe someone would kidnap me!"\n\n"Nana," you say, "that\'s not true. The mall had just had a new kid come in, too. That boy must have left in a hurry. Nana kept thinking about him all the way to school the next day. He must'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time in this country, a great king decreed that only those that were worthy of seeing would have the chance to see the wonders of the world. He built enormous libraries filled with books that no one but an experienced eye could see. Not one person could open them because no one could read the books before the king of that age. But there are people today who can. And you won\'t find any wonderous books in the ones that have been sealed away. Because the people who can read those can see the wonderousness of the world when it shines through them. So here is my prayer, for everyone to take the books of the past and put them before their eyes; and for everyone to see the wonder of today. And for everyone to come back tomorrow to tell the wonders of this glorious land.\n\n"Now if you ever feel that an adventure is calling you to go back, go back. But be careful to get the right kind of experience for you. Look at the world in the same way you looked at books in your world before. Now it\'s time, friends, to give this land another chance to show you the wonders of America. It is a time'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, a little, tiny town known as Sleepopolis decided to celebrate its 40th anniversary with a crazy festival featuring the best-loved shows in Sleepopolis history. People from all over the world came to Dreamland to celebrate that wonderful night where a bunch of us got together to sing the best songs that made Sleepopolis so special. Now, that's how you celebrate…right? Not so much.\n\nTonight, Dreamland's 40th annual celebration has been cut short. Apparently the organizers didn't know that the sleep-craze-for-40s event was taking place and pulled the plug, but we're just going to have to get over it and enjoy another night at the Disneyland Resort.\n\nDreamland was supposed to go down at nighttime, with the final act taking place in The Happiest Place on Earth. But, alas, that didn't quite work out. The show will apparently be re-hosted tonight as part of the Mickey's Not-So-Scary Halloween Party.\n\nFor today's full schedule of entertainment, please visit the Disneyland Resort Events Calendar.\n\nTomorrow night I'll be headed back to T-Bone Joe"


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there was a beautiful, young girl named Tilly. Tilly loved horses and loved to ride. Sometimes, she would take the wheel of her own horse to save time.\n\nOne day, Tilly left the house and rode to school on her horse.\n\nThere, on the street was a big, tall man. He was dressed in a suit of armor, and he was wearing a great sword that looked as if it were made of silver.\n\nAfter Tilly put her horse into a place she thought would be safe from him, the man turned around and stabbed her with his great sword.\n\nThe sword cut through Tilly\'s skin, and it tore out her heart. Even as Tilly gave out a final whimper and died in the street, the man turned around and went right back to his armor.\n\nThe man looked down at his sword and said: "I have killed. I have killed, and I will kill again. Until there is no one on the earth but I left alive."\n\nThen, he went into his study. It was as if he were the last man on the earth, and he had no'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time there was a man who had no job and no money. Then one day, some little dog came to his doorstep. "My master gives me food and my master gives me water," said the beast. "My master gives me a bowl-full and my master gives me one-half." The master thought to himself that the poor little beast was asking too little, but, knowing him as he did, the master could not but help the poor beast. "What shall I do, you little little animal?" "I want you to have a bowl of water, Master," the beast said, and the master thanked the little beast and gave him the bowl and half and gave the dog the bowl as well.\n\nA few weeks passed, and the poor man came to see his master and the master asked the little dog what he had done to deserve a bowl of water. "I begged," said the little dog. "Why do you hate me? I only did what my master told me." The master was sad. "Do you know, little dog," said he, "I love you. I have fed you a few times and a few times I have given you'


GPT2-XL:  Before you go to sleep, I want to tell you a story. Once upon a time, there were two boys, one a king and the other a rebel. But then one day they found a magic tree with a big seed at its heart, and out of the goodness and kindness of the seed they made their friend. They called the little tree "Harmony" and the kingdom was his and his only friend." But the tree was always watching because he could hear everything that went through his head. One day a queen stood behind him and whispered very deeply into his ear, "You are an excellent king, but you are the worst king of all time! You can\'t do anything right! The earth is too small to support you, everyone hates you, and you do nothing about it. It\'s your fault. The earth wasn\'t ready when you decided to rule it, so the creatures are coming up and destroying the land." The king knew the queen didn\'t mean anything by it, so he went to the trees, and asked the trees, "What can I do about this?" And then the tree went, "You are not a king and you can\'t make the things you want to change into the things they have always been. The world doesn\'t'


